Add HydroPowerSimulations Docs (#51)
NREL-Sienna/HydroPowerSimulations.jl: docs/src/index.md

## Overview

> `HydroPowerSimulations.jl` is a [`Julia`](http://www.julialang.org) package that extends [`PowerSimulations.jl`](https://github.com/NREL-Sienna/PowerSimulations.jl) for modeling of hydro generation technology in production cost modeling simulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HydroPowerSimulations.jl` is a [`Julia`](http://www.julialang.org) package that extends [`PowerSimulations.jl`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSimulations.jl/stable/) for modeling of hydro generation technology in production cost modeling simulations.
```

Reviewer 2: `production cost modeling simulations` -> `operational simulations`

Reviewer: @rodrigomha, can you update the hyperlink above, too?

Author: Miss that one
